There are millions of round and square bales
every year in the agricultural sector too
no matter whether from stoppelacker
or from the grassland the bales must from
field the transport trailers for this
Not only are they used
Capacities are very different
Often the cars are not directly for
the goods transport thought or anyway
what the transport safety and built
the traffic rules challenge
Professional solutions do not seldom double
facilitate the acquisition costs and
accelerate the jellyfish logistics but
Huge as our test of the dpw with
Load fuse shows
the three-axle with ball slewing ring has
a permissible total weight of 21
metric tons
the base is a standard platform
trailer on this the load securing
was built
supporting frame parts were for this
Reinforced series is the opening only
an optional side members is the
double-sided opening like ours
test machine will be hydraulic first
the load securing construction is about 40
centimeters pushed upwards around the
side elements from the lock
can then lift sockets
the desired page opened
over a small control panel is the
respective function with one
Toggle switch selected and then the
Control unit operates 2 double-acting
is needed
that Mr. distinguished and lock
almost always worked easier without any problems
we acted as us the
Cargo securing of the distances something
Adjust generous to the bale
the lower locking sockets for
the side elements can be between
250 and 295 in a big hole basta
adjust the width of the cargo
parallel must then also the
side elements at the top across
hydraulically but by eye
be postponed
Attention with empty trailer applies to the
of course, the maximum width of
Based on the film footage becomes clear
how easy and fast a dare with 32
Big pack is loaded and safely on
The street is allowed but what if by
Missing bales in the middle of the trailer
There is an important keyword
here is the closing as long as one
level is completely filled corresponds
this be the applicable regulations
but round or square bales must be loose
With straps to be secured for this
are sufficient to the points available
the wing dpw 210 bl has us the bales
transport work enormously facilitates the
advantages regarding
transport safety and
Capacity increase are obvious
what in the discussion about a
such a car is often forgotten
In addition, the improved occupational safety
by the disappearance of wild ones
climbs when decorating arises
further assessments of this
test machine read in april
issue of their agricultural technology